.TH PVFS2-CP 1 2017-07-03
.SH NAME
\fBpvfs2-cp\fR \(en copy files to and from OrangeFS volumes
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBpvfs2-cp\fR [\fB\-s \fIstrip_size\fR] [\fB\-n \fInum_datafiles\fR]
[\fB\-b \fIbuffer_size_in_bytes\fR] [\fB\-tv\fR] \fIsrc_file dst_file\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B pvfs2-cp
utility copies the file
.I src_file
to
.I dst_file
where the files may either be on OrangeFS volumes or local files.  When
operating on OrangeFS volumes it works through the OrangeFS library and
not through the kernel interface.
.PP
The options are as follows:
.IP -s
Specify a strip size to use when creating
.IR dst_file .
This only applies to OrangeFS volumes.
.IP -n
Specify a number of datafiles to use when creating
.IR dst_file .
This only applies to OrangeFS volumes.
.IP -b
Use an intermediate buffer of
.I buffer_size
bytes when copying the file.
.IP -t
Report some timing information.
.IP -v
Print version number and exit.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.IP PVFS2_DEBUGFILE
If set to the path of a local file, redirect debug output to it.
.IP PVFS2_DEBUGMASK
Set the OrangeFS debug mask.  Possible masks are documented in
.BR pvfs2-set-debugmask ( 1 ) \& .
.IP PVFS2TAB_FILE
If set, the full pathname for an alternate
.IR pvfs2tab
file
.SH FILES
.I /etc/pvfs2tab
.SH EXAMPLES
Copy the file
.I /etc/motd
to
.IR /mnt/bar .
If
.I /mnt
is an OrangeFS volume, this will copy the file into OrangeFS.
.PP
.RS 6n
pvfs2-cp /etc/motd /mnt/bar
.RE
.SH CAVEATS
When
.I dst_file
is a directory the utility does not work.  In this respect it is
different than the
.BR cp ( 1 )
utility.
.SH BUGS
Please submit bug reports to pvfs2-developers@beowulf-underground.org
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR cp ( 1 ),
.BR pvfs2-ln ( 1 ),
.BR pvfs2tab ( 5 )
