.TH PVFS2-MKDIR 1 2017-07-03
.SH NAME
\fBpvfs2-mkdir\fR \(en create directory in an OrangeFS volume
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBpvfs2-mkdir\fR [\fB\-m \fImode\fR] [\fB\-i \fIinitial\fR]
[\fB\-x \fImaximum\fR] [\fB\-s \fIsplit\fR] [\fB\-pVvh\fR]
\fIdirectory\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B pvfs2-mkdir
utility creates a directory in an OrangeFS volume at
.IR directory .
.PP
The options are as follows:
.IP -m
Set permission mode as three or four digit octal number
.IR mode .
.IP -i
Set initial number of dirdata handles.
.IP -x
Set maximum number of dirdata handles.
.IP -s
Set number of directory entries stored before split.
.IP -p
Create parent directories as needed within OrangeFS.
.IP -V
Display verbose messages.
.IP -v
Print version number and exit.
.IP -h
Display synopsis.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.IP PVFS2_DEBUGFILE
If set to the path of a local file, redirect debug output to it.
.IP PVFS2_DEBUGMASK
Set the OrangeFS debug mask.  Possible masks are documented in
.BR pvfs2-set-debugmask ( 1 ) \& .
.IP PVFS2TAB_FILE
If set, the full pathname for an alternate
.IR pvfs2tab
file
.SH FILES
.I /etc/pvfs2tab
.SH EXAMPLES
Create a directory.
.PP
.RS 6n
pvfs2-mkdir /mnt/foo
.RE
.PP
Create a directory whose entries are always distributed across 4
servers. In this case a split will never need to occur, so the split
size is irrelevant.
.PP
.RS 6n
pvfs2-mkdir -i 4 -x 4 /mnt/foo
.RE
.PP
Create a directory whose entries initially reside on 1 server, but may
eventually grow so that entries are distributed across 4 servers.  When
any single server reaches the maximum of 10,000 directory entries,
another of the available servers becomes active and entries are split
across active servers, up to a maximum of 4 servers.
.PP
.RS 6n
pvfs2-mkdir -i 1 -x 4 -s 10000 /mnt/foo
.RE
.SH BUGS
Please submit bug reports to pvfs2-developers@beowulf-underground.org
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR mkdir ( 1 ),
.BR pvfs2-touch ( 1 ),
.BR pvfs2tab ( 5 )
