.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii foo.1
.\"
.TH PVFS2 1 "SEPTEMBER 2003"  PVFS2 "PVFS2 Manuals"
.SH NAME
pvfs2 \- A parallel virtual file system for linux
.SH SYNOPSIS
This man page provides a general overview of PVFS2.  For more information
about pvfs2 programs and utilities consult
.BR pvfs2-ping (1)
.BR pvfs2-statfs (1)
.BR pvfs2-genconfig (1)
.BR pvfs2-export (1)
.BR pvfs2-import (1)
.BR pvfs2-ls (1)
.BR pvfs2-showcoll (1)
and
.BR pvfs2-server (1)

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B PVFS2 
is a parallel virtual file system for clusters.  PVFS  harnesses commodity
storage and network technology to provide concurrent access to data that is
distributed across a (potentially large) collection of servers.

This man page documents general features of the PVFS2 system.  See the man
pages for individual programs for more specific information.

.SH FILES
.I /etc/pvfs2tab
.RS
This file maps absolute pathnames to pvfs2 servers and volumes.  If the 
.B PVFS2TAB_FILE
environment variable is set, programs will use the file at that location
instead.  See
.BR pvfs2tab (5)
for more information.

.SH ENVIRONMENT
.IP PVFS2TAB_FILE
If set, the full pathname for an alternate 
.IR pvfs2tab
file

.SH BUGS
Please report all bugs to the pvfs2 bugzilla (http://bugzilla.mcs.anl.gov/pvfs/)
.SH AUTHOR
The PVFS2 development team (pvfs2-developers@beowulf-underground.org)
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR pvfs2-server (1),
.BR pvfs2-ls (1),
.BR pvfs2-statfs (1)
.BR pvfs2-ping (1)
.BR pvfs2-import (1)
.BR pvfs2-export (1)
.BR pvfs2-genconfig (1)
