.TH PVFS2-REMOVE-OBJECT 1 2017-07-03
.SH NAME
\fBpvfs2-remove-object\fR \(en remove internal object from OrangeFS
volume
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBpvfs2-remove-object\fR [\fB\-hv\fR] [\fB\-f \fIfs_id\fR]
[\fB\-o \fIhandle\fR] [\fB\-p \fIhandle \-d \fIentry_name\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B pvfs2-remove-object
removes an object from an OrangeFS volume by handle number.  This would
be used to repair a corrupt file system.  Improper use of this utility
could corrupt a file system.
.PP
The
.B -p
and
.B -d
options must be used together to remove a directory entry.
.PP
The options are as follows:
.IP -h
Display synopsis.
.IP -v
Print version number and exit.
.IP -f
Use
.I fs_id
as file system ID.
.IP -o
Remove the handle
.IR handle .
.IP -p
Specify the parent handle
.IR handle .
.IP -p
Specify the dirent name
.IR entry_name .
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.IP PVFS2_DEBUGFILE
If set to the path of a local file, redirect debug output to it.
.IP PVFS2_DEBUGMASK
Set the OrangeFS debug mask.  Possible masks are documented in
.BR pvfs2-set-debugmask ( 1 ) \& .
.IP PVFS2TAB_FILE
If set, the full pathname for an alternate
.IR pvfs2tab
file
.SH FILES
.I /etc/pvfs2tab
.SH EXAMPLES
Copy the file
.I /etc/motd
to
.IR /mnt/bar .
If
.I /mnt
is an OrangeFS volume, this will copy the file into OrangeFS.
.PP
.RS 6n
pvfs2-cp /etc/motd /mnt/bar
.RE
.SH CAVEATS
When
.I dst_file
is a directory the utility does not work.  In this respect it is
different than the
.BR cp ( 1 )
utility.
.SH BUGS
Please submit bug reports to pvfs2-developers@beowulf-underground.org
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR pvfs2-stat ( 1 ),
.BR pvfs2tab ( 5 )
