.TH PVFS2-MKSPACE 1 2017-07-03
.SH NAME
\fBpvfs2-mkspace\fR \(en create storage space for OrangeFS server
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBpvfs2-mkspace\fR [\fB\-adDhvV\fR] [\fB\-c \fIname\fR]
[\fB\-i \fIid\fR] [\fB\-r \fIhandle\fR] [\fB\-M \fIrange\fR]
[\fB\-N \fIrange\fR] [\fB\--data-space path\fR]
[\fB\--meta-space path\fR] \fIdirectory\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B pvfs2-mkspace
utility creates an OrangeFS volume with a single collection or adds a
new collection to an existing storage space.  It should be used after
changing the storage configuration of a server which has already been
initialized.
.PP
The options are as follows:
.IP -a
Add a collection instead of creating a new storage space.
.IP -d
Use all default options.  The default options can be seen with
.BR -h .
.IP -D
Remove (permanently) the storage space.
.IP -h
Display synopsis.
.IP -v
Print version number and exit.
.IP -V
Display verbose messages.
.IP -c
Use
.I name
as the collection name.
.IP -i
Use
.I id
as file system ID.
.IP -r
Use
.I handle
as the root handle.
.IP -M
Use
.I range
as the metadata handle range.
.IP -N
Use
.I range
as the data handle range.
.IP --data-space
Use
.I path
as the path to the data space.
.IP --meta-space
Use
.I path
as the path to the metadata space.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.IP PVFS2_DEBUGFILE
If set to the path of a local file, redirect debug output to it.
.IP PVFS2_DEBUGMASK
Set the OrangeFS debug mask.  Possible masks are documented in
.BR pvfs2-set-debugmask ( 1 ) \& .
.SH BUGS
Please submit bug reports to pvfs2-developers@beowulf-underground.org
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR pvfs2tab ( 5 )
