.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii foo.1
.\" 
.TH "PVFS2-CHANGE-FSID" "1" "SEPTEMBER 2011" "PVFS2" "PVFS2 MANUALS"
.SH "NAME"
pvfs2\-change\-fsid \- Utility for updating fsid in PVFS2 collections
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B pvfs2\-change\-fsid  [\-\-verbose] [\-\-oldfsid fsid]
.I [\-\-newfsid fsid] [\-\-fsname fsname]
.I [\-\-view]
.I \-\-dbpath=</path/to/collections.db> \-\-fsconf=</path/to/pvfs2\-fs.conf>
.I \-\-storage=</path/to/pvfs2\-storage\-space>
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Changes the fsid of the file system in the database given as the \-\-dbpath
.SH "OPTIONS"
.IP \-\-dbpath
The path to the collections.db that contains the file system ID that you want to change.
.IP \-\-fsconf
The path to the pvfs2 configuration file for the file system being modified.
.IP \-\-storage
Path to the local stroage space for the file system being modified.
.IP \-\-oldfsid
The current file system ID. If noy supplied then it will be looked up from the configuration
files.
.IP \-\-newfsid
The ID that you would like to change to. If not supplied then it will be generated as
in genconfig.
.IP \-\-view
Don't make the changes to the file system, instead just show what those changes would be.
.IP \-\-verbose
Print verbose messages.
.IP \-\-help
Show a basic help listing.
.SH "ENVIRONMENT"
.IP PVFS2TAB_FILE
If set, the full pathname for an alternate 
.I R pvfs2tab
file

.SH "BUGS"
Please report all bugs to the pvfs2 bugzilla (http://bugzilla.mcs.anl.gov/pvfs/)
.SH "AUTHOR"
The PVFS2 development team (pvfs2\-developers@beowulf\-underground.org)
